hi today we're making baked salmon rolls
you need to seven and a half ounce cans
of salmon you can use any kind of salmon
you want this is pink salmon or you can
use tuna I just take out some of the
larger bones then to that add 1/2 cup of
chopped green onion 1/2 cup of finely
chopped celery and 1/2 cup of grated
carrot and just blend that together
until the salmon is broken up into small
pieces and it's well combined then in
the smaller Bowl put two tablespoons of
a lemon juice 1/2 teaspoon of dry
mustard one tablespoon of white wine
vinegar this is actually cider vinegar
vinegar because I didn't have white wine
vinegar and 1/4 teaspoon of black pepper
and finally 2 tablespoons of sour cream
you can use whatever kind of vinegar you
want here I don't think it makes a huge
difference and then just stir it around
until that's combined and then you're
gonna take that mixture and you're gonna
pour it on top of your salmon mixture
and then just stir that together until
it's combined for the dough you need 2
cups of all-purpose flour 1 tablespoon
of baking powder 1/2 teaspoon of salt
and 1/4 teaspoon of cayenne pepper stir
that together and to this you're gonna
add some liquid and this is what you're
going to put in two tablespoons of oil
into a one cup measuring cup and then
just add enough milk to make one cup
give it a little stir and then just pour
it into the bowl with the flour stir it
around until a dough forms and the more
you stir you'll see it starts to come
together and it'll eventually make a
bowl of dough take the ball out put it
on a lightly floured countertop and
you're just going to knead it a for a
few minutes
we're about it's the recipe says about
ten times and keep adding flour if you
need to if it starts to get sticky and
then roll it out until you
at a 12 inch by 12 inch square doesn't
have to be exactly 12 inches but just
gives you an idea of how big it should
be and then take the salmon mixture and
you're going to spread it on top of the
dough square and just spread it around
evenly to within 1/4 inch of the edge of
the dough and then roll it up roll it up
and seal all the edges as well as you
can and then you're gonna take a cookie
sheet that's been sprayed with cooking
spray or has a silicone mat or some
parchment paper on it and then you're
gonna slice the roll with a sharp knife
- maybe one and a half to two inch
slices
approximately put them on the baking
sheet and you're gonna bake this at 400
degrees Fahrenheit for about 20 minutes
until it is golden brown this is a great
way to serve salmon or tuna